SCRATCH PAD

For quotes that may be useful in the future, but don't fit into a page here yet.

- Non-quote context starting at 16:50
  - Learning processor: want to facilitate learning
  - Found that doing things for real was necessary, so can't do a learning processor per se
  - Tools for access to information (Google) and motivation teachers gave were important
  - Concluded after a year that the tools for access and motivation were what mattered. A "tool for learning" was guaranteed to fail
  - Gave up

- "The physicists know some things and the poets know some things and the musicians know some things and the chemists know some things" (TwiT2 23:35)
- "I'm one of the captains of the blue marble team; what does our team need? And what it's weak on is wisdom. We have technology to change the future, but not the right wisdom to make the ethical and aesthetic choices between alternative futures. We need more wisdom." (TWiT2 24:57)
- "I thought about the relationship between information and knowledge. You have to have information before you can have knowledge, and knowledge is kind of the 'how' connections--'how does this connect to that? how does this work?'--between information. But I saw another level: wisdom is kind of the 'why' connections between the knowledge. If you have modules of knowledge, and now you want to make ethical and aesthetic choices about different futures, that's really a 'why' question. And I thought, if you could at least facilitate *this*: the connection of the different bodies of knowledge, talking to each other, then there's a trickle-up effect that you might develop some wisdom on the planet. And so that's where HyperCard really came from: I thought about, how can we get the scientists to talk to the musicians, and how can we facilitate that communication?" (TWiT 25:24)
- "You can do fun stuff with HyperCard. A little bit like MacPaint, it's both a toy and a tool at the same time. And I think I want to show more business-like stuff so people don't go away with the idea that this is an adventure construction set--that this is something you build working tools with, and it's just you can also build other things with it." (BAPH 58:34)
- "The bottom line isn't consistency. That's only a tool toward making something simple to use and simple to learn, and if you can make it easy to learn and easy to use, that's really the goal. You've gotta keep your eye on who you're doing this for. It's not that you believe in the religion of conformity, it's that conformity serves a purpose, and where it doesn't serve the purpose then you want to do it a better way." (BAPH 1:16:42)
- "There was always kind of an escape route: what if they don't have the part that you need to build this thing? You go to Lego, and they've got all these parts, but they don't have everything. There was this way you could go to a machinist and get a part made for you. And that would be an XFCN or XCMD, some harder-to-write code but that was less restricted." (Legacy 13:25)
- "There will probably be between 50 and 100 times as many HyperCard users as professional Macintosh developers, and it's not the kind of thing that Apple's gonna be able to hold everybody's hand, and the user groups are gonna provide a very important role. The special interest groups in HyperCard, I'm seeing several of them already breaking down into a couple of levels, you know, the beginner level and the script hacker level and things like that. Sharing information and helping each other learn how to use this tool." (BAPH 1:09:45)
- "Let's talk about some of the other influences Smalltalk has had over the years. First of all, there's the big one, where Smalltalk introduced the first overlapping windows, bitmapped graphics system. So this whole idea of windows with scrollbars being controlled by mice, that all came from Smalltalk roots. I will say that the mouse itself was not invented by the Smalltalk people--that was invented by Doug Engelbart--but the people at Xerox picked up on the mouse and said 'yeah, that's a great vehicle' and they implemented things like pop-up menus, and text with multiple fonts, and all sorts of stuff. - Yeah, in fact I used to work with the inventor of the scrollbar for a while, that was Michael Malcolm, a Smalltalker. - …Other things: agile methods originated in Smalltalk, primarily. It was Kent Beck and Ward Cunningham who first started off on agile methods, that eventually became Extreme Programming…The Scrum methodology, also, came from Smalltalk roots…also design patterns came from, again, Smalltalk roots. Once again, it was Kent Beck and Ward Cunningham first talking about design patterns, and their idea was very small design patterns, very simple things, that later got picked up by the Gang of Four, and they wrote the book of *Design Patterns* based on the ones they had collected, and many of those came from Smalltalk…One of the specific patterns, Model-View-Controller, MVC, was the way that we wrote windows in Smalltalk, and has sort of been taken over by Java these days, and Java has their own web framework philosophy, I guess, called MVC…Refactoring, again, came from primarily Smalltalk roots. The very very first work on refactoring was on C++ code, I believe, but very soon afterward they said 'okay, let's switch to Smalltalk, because it's such an easy language to write a refactoring engine for'. The very first system that had a refactoring tool for it was Smalltalk…" (SR2 11:23)

> It was an exchange medium…You want people to be sharing stuff. They all have to have the software that it takes at least to play it, but hopefully to be able to author it also. So I worked out an arrangement with Apple that it would be bundled free, be in the box with every Mac, and I took less of a royalty because of that. That was a gift that I made.

(Legacy 10:37)
